And with that
that's it for this module.
We learned a lot about browsers support, what it is, how we can plan our application for it, how we should
analyze the market and which resources you can use to find out which feature is supported by which browser
and which market share that feature has.
You then learned about different techniques like feature detection with fallback code,
you learned about polyfills which you can add manually or combined with transpilation, another cool
feature you learn about can be done automatically,
how Babel loader which transpiles your code so that modern Javascript code can be written and still
works in older browsers and that it does not just compile that code but also automatically add polyfills
for features you might need.
And with all of that, you of course have a couple of things to watch out for, to keep in mind
but that is just what web development is all about,
it is about writing good code, code that also works on older browsers
If you need to support that audience and you therefore have all the tools now you need to really write
Javascript applications where you can leverage modern features and still ensure that everything works
in one way or the other in older browsers as well.